docs: clarify Co-Scientist additional credits are purchased (25.3) (#1683)
seqeralabs/docs: platform-enterprise_versioned_docs/version-25.3/co-scientist/command-approval.md

:::

:::note

> Seqera Cloud users receive $20 in free credits to get started with Seqera AI. [Contact us](https://seqera.io/platform/seqera-ai/request-credits/) to purchase additional credits.

Author: ```suggestion
Seqera Cloud users receive $20 in free credits to get started with Co-Scientist. [Contact us](https://seqera.io/platform/seqera-ai/request-credits/) to purchase additional credits.
```

> Seqera Cloud users receive $20 in free credits to get started with Co-Scientist. [Contact us](https://seqera.io/platform/seqera-ai/request-credits/) to purchase additional credits.

Author: ```suggestion
Qualifying Seqera Cloud users receive $100 in free credits to get started with Co-Scientist. [Contact us](https://seqera.io/platform/seqera-ai/request-credits/) to purchase additional credits.
```

:::

> Seqera AI can execute local commands and edit files in your environment. This page explains approval modes that control which operations run automatically versus which require your permission, including dangerous commands, workspace boundaries, and best practices.

Author: ```suggestion
Co-Scientist can execute local commands and edit files in your environment. This page explains approval modes that control which operations run automatically versus which require your permission, including dangerous commands, workspace boundaries, and best practices.
```
